README.md, before:

# java-spring-microservices reading list

## Core Java Volume 1

```
    - Chapter 4  Objects & Classes
    - Chapter 5  Inheritance
    - Chapter 6  Interfaces & Lambda Expressions
    - Chapter 7  Exceptions
    - Chapter 9  Collections
    - Chapter 10  Concurrency
```

## Core Java Volume 2

```
    - Chapter 1  Streams
    - Chapter 2  Input & Output
    - Chapter 4  Networking(Optional)
    - Chapter 6  Date & Time Api
```

## Spring in Action

```
    - Part 1  Foundations
    - Part 2  Integrated Spring
    - Part 3  Reactive Spring (Optional)
    - Part 4  Deployed Spring
```

## Useful links for microservices

1. :memo: Microservices Architecture Guidelines - [Link](https://github.com/justinamiller/Microservices-Architecture-Guidelines)
2. :memo: Microservices: To Do or Not to Do - [Link](http://www.bestdevops.com/microservices-to-do-or-not-to-do/)
3. :memo: Communication in a microservice architecture - [Link](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/architect-microservice-container-applications/communication-in-microservice-architecture)
4. :memo: Data consistency in microservices architecture - [Link](https://dilfuruz.medium.com/data-consistency-in-microservices-architecture-5c67e0f65256)
5. :memo: Tackle Business Complexity in a Microservice with DDD and CQRS Patterns - [Link](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/)

Commit message:

added links for api design

README.md, after:

# java-spring-microservices reading list

## Core Java Volume 1

```
    - Chapter 4  Objects & Classes
    - Chapter 5  Inheritance
    - Chapter 6  Interfaces & Lambda Expressions
    - Chapter 7  Exceptions
    - Chapter 9  Collections
    - Chapter 10  Concurrency
```

## Core Java Volume 2

```
    - Chapter 1  Streams
    - Chapter 2  Input & Output
    - Chapter 4  Networking(Optional)
    - Chapter 6  Date & Time Api
```

## Spring in Action

```
    - Part 1  Foundations
    - Part 2  Integrated Spring
    - Part 3  Reactive Spring (Optional)
    - Part 4  Deployed Spring
```

## Useful links for Api & Database Design

1. :memo: A Real-world Introduction to Finding classes in Object-oriented Programming Languages - [Link](https://medium.com/xebia-engineering/a-real-world-introduction-to-finding-classes-in-object-oriented-programming-languages-612eae35b802)
2. :memo: Introduction to Database Design - [Link](https://www.datanamic.com/support/lt-dez005-introduction-db-modeling.html)
3. :memo: Best Practices for Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API - [Link](https://www.vinaysahni.com/best-practices-for-a-pragmatic-restful-api)


## Useful links for microservices

1. :memo: Microservices Architecture Guidelines - [Link](https://github.com/justinamiller/Microservices-Architecture-Guidelines)
2. :memo: Microservices: To Do or Not to Do - [Link](http://www.bestdevops.com/microservices-to-do-or-not-to-do/)
3. :memo: Communication in a microservice architecture - [Link](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/architect-microservice-container-applications/communication-in-microservice-architecture)
4. :memo: Data consistency in microservices architecture - [Link](https://dilfuruz.medium.com/data-consistency-in-microservices-architecture-5c67e0f65256)
5. :memo: Tackle Business Complexity in a Microservice with DDD and CQRS Patterns - [Link](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/)
